# Examples for FlexCel Studio for VCL and FireMonkey

Here you can find all the demos for [FlexCel Studio for VCL and FireMonkey](http://www.tmssoftware.com/site/flexcel.asp)

You can find a description of each demo in the [documentation](https://doc.tmssoftware.com/flexcel/vcl/index.html)
**All the demos here are also available when you install FlexCel using the setup.**

**:book: Note** We update this repository automatically every time we release a new FlexCel version. So if you have notifications integrated with github, you can subscribe to this feed to be notified of new releases.


## New in v 7.23 - December 2024


- **Improved accessibility of generated PDF files.** Now the PDFs generated by FlexCel will have a defined Tab order, and pass that accessibility check.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved handling of references in UDFs and Lambda functions. While internally FlexCel manages Lambda functions as user defined functions, they behave differently when handling references. For example, =ISREF(Func(A1)) will return true if this is a lambda function that returns A1, and false if it is a UDF

- **Bug Fix.** When calculating linked files and formulas referred names in other files, there was no way to retrieve the information in UDFs. Also =LET function wouldn't work correctly with those external links.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved the quality of the generated PDF files. When attaching files one record was set as a direct reference when the docs the specs it should be indirect. The files worked anyway, but now they are more strictly correct.

- **Bug Fix.** Improved compatibility with files created by third party tools.

